Governor Qin, I am Zhang Shaojun of the Zhang family
Hope to get to know you.
This person is this trash
He not only impersonates your own Zhao family Liu Jinghan
This is still sitting in your seat
At the age of 7, Ye Feifan, you were brave
Dare to interrupt Governor Qin's imperial banquet
I don't know
Ye Feifan is a waste
He didn't take Governor Qin seriously at all
You have to teach him a good lesson
Ye Feifan
Why don't you kowtow to Governor Qin and apologize?
A little middle and lower governor
Let me kneel for him
Is he worthy? Ye Feifan, you are courting death.
You dare to offend Mr. Qin
Tianwang Lao Tzu can't save you anywhere
I'll send someone to arrest you in a while
Dragged out to fight 80
Ye Feifan
Five years ago, you were still qualified to make such a big talk
But now you're the one watching the door
You quickly apologize to the governor
You are Ye Feifan's fiancee
Our Shen family has divorced him
He has nothing to do with our Shen family
You can teach a lesson
As long as we don't implicate the Shen family
I asked Shen Qianyao
Didn't ask
Otherwise, I, the governor, will let you be